[Music]
once you get this marvel
you will be able to earn 13 billion yen
if you want to get it
you have to win this game the rules are
very simple you only have to make this
marble go past a wide range of nails
and then three circular plates in the
end if it fell into the red hole you
would win the game
the prize is all other golden balls each
of these drawer costs one billions the
number of people who want to become a
billionaire isn't small
this guy had lost all of his money but
he borrowed more in the end he still
couldn't win the game
this game seemed to be based on the
player's luck but it was actually
controlled by this manager
ceo ichizo to conquer this game our main
character
haiji decided to cooperate with this man
koro sakazaki then they went to kodaro's
house
there was an exactly same machine as the
one in the casino
they also had the support of yumi ishida
the man started to explain his tactics
to deal with the game
their first challenge was the forest of
nails the distance among them would
determine the passing rate of the marble
according to information provided by
yumi
kotaro could know about the distance on
the next days on which the winning rate
was the highest
the next round had three circular plates
attached together on each plate
the marvel had to go into a red hole the
manager played some trick to prevent the
marvel from falling down
but the three also had their tricks to
control the marble koduro reached out
the marble immediately fell into the red
hole which made kaiji extremely
surprised
in fact that he was holding a magnet in
his hand on that day they would put it
into an empty can
yumi gave it to kaiji kaiji returned it
to kotaro and everything would be fine
on the gambling day kaiji was the first
one to enter the casino
after that was koduro he ordered the
waitress to give him a can of beer
then she gave him a can of beer with a
magnet hidden inside after a while
kodaro handed the can to kaiji and
pretended to use his mind to push the
marble in
of course he failed and then picked up
the can containing the magnet again
until that moment their plan was still
going right the next marble would decide
if they won or not
kodaro reached out his hand but the
marble suddenly changed its direction
causing him to lose and the can was also
dropped the marble was caught by the
manager he also found the can they had
used kaiji and kodaro were both panic
their plan was now revealed as a result
the manager took out the beer can and
told them
in order to avoid players tricks all
their marbles were made from bronze
umi soon sold them off but the manager
gave them a chance to play another game
of which the reward was 300 000 yen if
they win they will get the money
would kaiji and his friends be able to
win this time there were three rooms
one was a beautiful girl and the others
were hungry lions
press the button and the door would open
if you chose the wrong one
you would be the lion's food this man
who had a huge debt was forced to play
this game with his girlfriend
his left leg was locked and the game
began apart from him
everyone knew that the answer was number
two his girlfriend who wanted to live
and die with him just a few seconds ago
but now told him to choose number one
as soon as he pressed the button the
lion rushed out and ate him alive but
his girlfriend was very happy
because she had won three hundred
thousand yen it was kaiji's turn
but the one standing behind the door was
yumi who had betrayed him
kaiji was also locked up yumi told him
to choose number three but he was once
sold off by her
how could he believe in her at this time
a mysterious man told him
calm down after calming down press the
button kaiji understood the cue and
pressed number three
the door opened it was yumi's room kaiji
successfully survived the man who had
given him cue was tonagawa
a former opponent of kaiji he had once
told him that the most important thing
is bravery
the second is determination and the
third is calmness so the answer was
number three
calmness tonight wanted to join their
team too yumi the betrayer also got back
to the team
she was responsible for buying
necessities and arranged these flowers
the people wanted to discuss their plan
so yumi voluntarily went away on the day
of the competition
the team could easily win the first
round but they had difficulty with the
second one
the manager walked out he knew that they
had played some tricks
it turned out that yumi had sold them
off again she left an eavesdropping
device in the vase at the house
the team planned to dress up like
cleaning workers to sneakily swap the
marvels
but their plan was soon revealed the
manager picked one up and put it into
the tray to check but he was wrong the
marble wasn't swapped
kaiji said actually i know we will be
betrayed again so we made a fake plan
their real plan was to chisel through
the ceiling using an electric magnet to
steal the remote control
swap the marble and then return it to
where it was and let the manager change
the marble himself the third round was
the continuously circular plates
what would kaiji do to win this round
this machine was full of golden marbles
which costed 4 000 yen
the winner would be able to take all of
them after taking part in the game kaiji
found the casino floor a bit strange
there were some problems in the plates
they slanted to the right to avoid be
discovered
the manager installed the machine tilted
against the floor so the plate was
tilted as well
so kaiji used 20 tons of water to
rebalance the room but the manager
discovered this
and changed the deflection to the
highest but it was useless so he came up
with another idea
just reverse the tilt direction that had
been installed earlier then 20 tons of
water will no longer work
it now became more and more difficult
for the marble to fall into the red hole
but if it could reach the third plate
it would surely go into the red hole so
the manager told his junior to bring him
the marble controlling device
this was kaiji's last chance after
spinning around the marble almost fell
into the hole
then kaiji found no marbles in the
pipeline so he thought of another plan
he told kotoro and tonight we could win
if we had enough money
kaiji took out 100 000 yen and kodaro
also gave him his last 200 000 yen
in total they had 300 thousand and
tonight were left to collect more money
kaiji got back to the machine and used
up all his money
very quickly the marbles got stuck in
the hole because there were too many
stuck marbles
if there were enough they would win this
game gradually kaiji passed the first
plate
and then the second one but his last
marble stopped right at the hole
kaiji tried to convince the manager for
a drop but how could he agree with him
finally tonight collected enough money
and arrived there
he had another 11 million and returned
to the game the second plate was finally
filled with marbles
and then the marble reached the third
plate but when it was about to go into
the red hole it bounced back
the manager used his last trick the
marbles reaching the third plate were
all blown out by the wind in the hole
so far had they gone kaiji couldn't turn
back the three used all their strength
to scream hoping that the marble would
be able to reach the hole
but it was useless they lost their last
marvel at the moment the people were
about to throw kaiji out
yumi took out her 10 million card and
gave it to kaiji
looking at determined kaiji yumi thought
of her father who was also very
determined
and always tried his best to finish his
work so she decided to help him
having this 10 million kaiji had to do
his best this time
very quickly the third plate was full of
the golden marbles in the end
kaiji roared with all his strength and
the marbles fell down one after another
the machine claimed kaiji as the winner
while kaiji and his teammates were
cheering the police came and arrested
the manager for his fraud
now the situation completely changed
kaiji and his friends became the winner
and enjoyed their victory then they
changed all the marbles into cash
it was worth up to 13 million after
dividing the money kaiji had 1.4 billion
tonight offered to give kaiji a lift on
the way tonight invited him to play a
game
the rules were like the last time but
when they were playing suddenly there
was smoke from the back of the car
after that the car trunk also caught
fire right when kaiji opened the door
the car exploded
all their money was also burned tonight
took out his 50 000 yen
and gave it to kaiji for him to
celebrate the victory with his friends
however kaiji could never expect that
tonagawa soon took the money away
he arranged the car explosion to steal
kaiji's money after the party
kaiji had only a few caches he then
returned to his penniless life
even so kaiji was always a kind
righteous man it's the end of the movie
please press like and share for us thank
you